Add Kong Gateway Operator docs (#6144)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/production/upgrade/data-plane/rolling.md

---
title: Rolling Upgrades
---

## Using DataPlane

{:.note}
> This method is only available when running in [hybrid mode](/gateway-operator/{{ page.release }}/topologies/hybrid/)

To change the image used for your `DataPlane` resources, set the `spec.deployment.podTemplateSpec.spec.containers[].name` field in your resource:

```bash
kubectl edit dataplane dataplane-example
```

Once the resource is saved, Kubernetes will perform a rolling upgrade of your pods.

## Using GatewayConfiguration

{:.note}
> This method is only available when running in [DB-less mode](/gateway-operator/{{ page.release }}/topologies/dbless/)

The `GatewayConfiguration` API can be used to provide the image and the image version desired for either the `ControlPlane` or `DataPlane` component of the `Gateway` e.g.:

```yaml
kind: GatewayConfiguration
apiVersion: gateway-operator.konghq.com/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: kong
  namespace: default
spec:
  dataPlaneDeploymentOptions:
    containerImage: kong/kong
    version: {{ site.data.kong_latest_gateway.ee-version }}
  controlPlaneDeploymentOptions:
    containerImage: kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller

>     version: {{ site.data.kong_latest_KIC.version }}

Reviewer: Ditto as https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/pull/6144/files#r1331868926

---
title: Rolling Upgrades
---

## Using DataPlane

{:.note}
> This method is only available when running in [hybrid mode](/gateway-operator/{{ page.release }}/topologies/hybrid/)

To change the image used for your `DataPlane` resources, set the `spec.deployment.podTemplateSpec.spec.containers[].image` field in your resource:

```bash
kubectl edit dataplane dataplane-example
```

> Once the resource is saved, Kubernetes will perform a rolling upgrade of your pods.

Reviewer 2: Here there is written "pods", but check the last line of the file above there is "`Pod`s". Do we have any consistency guideline for the whole documentation that advise one particular way?

Author: ```suggestion
Once the resource is saved, Kubernetes will perform a rolling upgrade of your `Pod`s.
```

Author: We don't, but we should have. @Rajakavitha1 please make a recommendation in a followup PR
